# Sprint review 1

## Team 8

**Type of Meeting:** Online(slack)

## Attendance
### Present:
- KP
- Kevin
- Josh
- Sam
- Eric
- Arthur
- Brandon
- Nicholas
- Ulises


## When and Where: On slack @ 4/28, 9:00pm

## Agenda 
1. What went well overall?
2. Planning for the project
- Try to plan ahead to try and reduce schedule conflicts.
- Try to do a weekly WhenToMeet because schedule changes each week

## Calendar: 
- Came up with prompts on ChatGPT and factored it to fit towards our needs. Used GPT to learn to create our application to work more efficiently (Kevin)
- We were understanding about each other's schedules and accomodated for each others time. (Ulises)
- For a late start from the calendar team, we did pretty well and delegated properly (Eric)
- Adding to Kevin, we got a good sense of how to use AI. Important that we modified the code for our purposes rather than solely rely on AI. (Josh)
- Liked how there was a sort of pipeline where 4 people were working on HTML and formatting/functionality. We passed it on the other people to style it. (Arthur)
## Task List:
- It was a good learning experience, working together and running into difficulties. Process was starting in figma and designing it. Instead of GPT, we used the HTML and CSS made from figma. So it was somewhat changing it from figma. It was a good learning experience so we know what to do and what not to do. (KP)
- Did a good job not overcomplicating the app. Despite the time crunch we did good, especially Sam. (Brandon)
- On this project, I think we used ChatGPT in a good way to learn JavaScript because we didn't really know JavaScript. (Nicholas)
- Agree with Nicholas, it was good adapting the code from Figma. (Sam)


