# Pitch meeting 2

## Attendance

### Present:
- KP
- Kevin
- Josh
- Sam
- Eric
- Arthur
- Nicholas
- Ulises

### Absent:
- Brandon

## Agenda
1. Arthur needs to trasnfer his 8 page draft into Figma and try to add wireframe
2. Talk about more established features for Ulises solution 
  


## When and Where was meeting held: On Discord at 6:00 pm 

## Next time: 
Pages will be assigned tomorrow and each person will need to complete one(diagrams excluded) by sunday. Also complete feedback form, HARD deadline by Sunday. Transitioning to Discord due to slack services running out. Server link posted in general by Kevin.

## Feedback: If there is any feedback feel free to DM KP or Kevin directly

## Meeting Finished: 11:33pm

