Project Logistics Meeting 
## Team 8

**Type of meeting held:** Online

## Present Members:  
- Kevin Kuang
- KP
- Arthur Cheung
- Joshua Chen
- Eric Nguyen
- Sam
- Ulisses

- ## Absent: 
- Brandon


## When and Where was meeting held: On Discord @ 10:00pm

## The agenda of what is discussed
1. How to perform cross-platform features on dev journal
2. Deciding on the dashboard layout for our journal
3. Wait for Arthur/Nick to finish the high-fidelity design on Figma by Friday 
   - Want to have designs and hammer out small details before coding to avoid inefficiencies
4. *TA Jash mentioned to start coding ASAP, something to keep in mind*
5. KP and Kevin start creating GitHub issues after design
6. Kevin leads HTML/CSS, calls Josh's team to start to help coding HTML/CSS after design and issues
7. Keep upcoming assignments in mind: ***adr*** and ***CI/CD*** pipeline
8. Task List:
   - High Fidelity Mockup (Arthur and Nick)
   - Design Team Meeting (Arthur and Nick and KP) - This Friday
   - Present timeline to TA (KP & Kevin) - Next Week Wed
   - CI/CD Assignment (Josh/Brandon/Ulisses) - This Sunday
   - Present timeline to TA (KP & Kevin) - Next Week Wed
## When did the meeting finish: 11:00pm
