# Standup Meeting 5
## Team 8

**Type of meeting held**: Online

## Present Members:
- Nicholas Nguyen
- Kevin Kuang
- KP
- Arthur Cheung
- Ulises
- Sam
- Brandon 
- Josh
- Arthur

## When and Where was meeting held: On Discord @ 10:00 PM

## The agenda of what is discussed:
- When can code log page be finished? May 20 latest - Brandon
- Mobile css integration pull request difficulty - fixed. Sidebar goes on the bottom
- Deleting branches that are no longer in use
- Icon sizing changes in calendar page - trying to fix
- Feedback page - arrow gets covered. Needs fixing
- Get rid of arrow to expand sidebar
- Text of icons UNDERNEATH the icons
- Need to start working on javascript, check-in meeting on wednesday meeting for JS progress
- Check in with Jash to see what he thinks of our progress so far
- Add icon to tab 
- Add more specific issues and place them in their respecive progress and make announcement when you create pull requests
- Cross-feature commmunication to override collaboration, collab is too time consuming
- Can explore electron.js if we have time
- Make announcements during merges and remembering to pull the new changes
- ### Tasks this week: 
- - Completing functionality with JS, and storing information locally. Stick to teams of each page, then help out other teams when finished.
- - Changing ADR to highlight more technical decisions. More about the testing frameworks. 4 ADRS for each of the testing frameworks we will need. (Jest, Puppeteer, Prettier, ESlint)
- - Change icon pngs to include text. Send this to team.
- Leave color of the hover on when we are on a page.

## Meeting ended @ 11:00PM

