# Restrospective (Sprint Review 1) / Web Dev Review (HTML CSS) 
## Team 8

**Type of meeting held**: Online

## Present Members:
- Nicholas Nguyen
- Kevin Kuang
- KP
- Ulises
- Sam
- Brandon 
- Josh
- Eric
- Arthur 

## When and Where was meeting held: On Discord @ 9:36 PM

## The agenda of what is discussed:
**What Jash said in the meeting:**
   - Try to create a video (on team process and planning out) by tonight or early tomorrow morning
   - Kevin and Ulises edited old ADRs the day before this meeting (5/21/24)

**What went well during the sprint:**

Some things that went well...
- (Kevin): sectioning off pages, making it easier to modify for future content. The refactoring process was facilitated by the modularization of pages
- (Eric): our team's way of organization for this repo compared to the warmup went a lot better. Each feature is assign
ed to teams which allows people to bounce ideas off each other and help implementation. The issues are a good way to streamline the workflow
- (Nick): the design team was able to finish figma, which is really good. Very `happy` that the team was able to implement markdown onto the page. Likes the amount of issues being put on the Github
- (Joshua): issues boards are very good and helpful to help keep the team organized. They can help you trace any bugs that were pulled into main, or any issues that need further resolving. 
- (Ulises): everyone in the testing team made a good effort to understand and help create the pipeline. Good communication about what we know and what we need to do
- (Brandon): Organization and github issues are going pretty well so far. Our team producutivity felt very efficient this spring since we were able to accomplish a lot in terms of HTML/CSS
- (KP): assigning responsibilities went well this spring (Everyone knew what to do and there was little interference). Working in a team worked really well because someone could hold you accountable. Issues and pull requests help let everyone know where they were at. Kevin and Eric did a great job on the sidebar since it was an important component for the rest of the team.
- (Sam): being able to construct the HTML and CSS files to match the Figma design was a success. Weren't able to fully integrate warmup activity but after a few nights, they were able to successfully integrate it. Team communication was good - everyone knew what to work on and to update everyone which was good for communication. 
- (Arthur): Enjoyed how we split up into groups and given each group a task similar to a divide and conquer approach
### Tasks this week: 
- complete the sprint retrospective on [retrium](https://app.retrium.com/team-room/0afc33fc-493f-4438-baa8-36082f7ab2b9/retro) for this meeting
- ***fix and polish css/html to avoid future problems (markdown editor and other components)***
- announce on `slack` and `discord` whenever you merge with main 
- Decide on the color for the hover icons on the sidebar
- theme switcher for application 
- Need to fix the plus sign in calendar page
- Do we set content-holder as scrollable? 



## Meeting ended @ 11:30PM
